ProcessFlowChart

Create a flow chart that represents an instruction for something in real life.
This could be something you do on a day-to-day basis (like how to jump a car) or it could be something eventful like bungee jumping.

Criteria
* Because we use factory and recipe metaphors throughout the class, these themes/tasks should not be used. You will be graded (partially) on originality.

* You can use flowcharting software of your choice, or Word, or Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop. Yed is a popular one. I suggest using Google Docs. (here's a how to)

* Be sure to use the correct symbols. ÿYou must use at least: Diamonds, Rectangles, Flow Line Arrows and Ovals (rounded rectangles).

* Your flow chart should have a minimum of 5 steps.

* It must have a single starting and a single ending point and must be easy to walk through.

* You must include one of each of the following types of code:
o Sequential -ÿSome element of instruction that goes step by step in sequence
o Conditional -ÿAt leastÿ3ÿexamples ofÿdecisionÿwithin the instruction. For example "If you are at high altitude, then add two eggs, otherwise add one egg"

Deliverables
Submit your flow chart file in both ways! ÿPlease Upload it to FSO as a backupÿ& It must be on your GitHub Account. ÿI will be grading from your GitHub Account.

Deliverable File(s) and Contents
You will upload a compressed (Zipped) file namedÿlastname_firstname_FlowChart.zipÿwhich should include:

Notes and Flowchart


Wake up

Check clock

Is it 7?

if no, go back to sleep (loop to Òis it 7?Ó)
if yes, get up

bathroom?

if yes, go to bathroom
if no, proceed to kitchen for coffee

turn on Keurig

check water levels
is there enough water in tank?

if yes, proceed 
if no, fill with water 

choose type of coffee

put k-cup in machine

place coffee cup on machine

is hot water light ready?

if yes, make coffee
if no, wait (loop to hot water light ready)

side sequence

Input push coffee button

output machine pours coffee into cup

end side sequence

get coffee 

go wake up

end

